I just went to the hospital for a day and passed away.
Didn't I tell you?
You can't use friends as friends while I'm away.
When you wake up, I am not living in the house.
As if I got to see my mother
She took this step
My mother Xi Jin will make them pay the price
I have to hit her
So I got here
But the screen is also important
Will she have a colleague?
We are all waste
Just because they came to eat
That's why I let you accept it
they saved me
Why do you still want it?
The appropriateness of this matter
Price at my place
Don't do anything for me, I'm actually
I don't need your nonsense. You're fine.
you are the best woman in the world
You are my favorite wife
thank you husband
I'm afraid you are the only one who loves me in this world
Can you promise me?
No matter what happens in the future
Don't lie to me